docs/pricing.md, before:

# LLM Pricing

Compare the pricing of various Large Language Models. Prices are shown in USD per 1M tokens.

<div class="pricing-container">
    <input type="text" id="pricingSearch" placeholder="Search models or vendors..." style="width: 100%; padding: 10px; margin-bottom: 20px; border: 1px solid #ccc; border-radius: 4px;">
    
    <table id="pricingTable" style="width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse;">
        <thead>
            <tr style="background-color: var(--md-primary-fg-color); color: var(--md-primary-bg-color);">
                <th onclick="sortTable(0)" style="cursor: pointer; padding: 12px; text-align: left; border-bottom: 2px solid #ddd;">Name</th>
                <th onclick="sortTable(1)" style="cursor: pointer; padding: 12px; text-align: left; border-bottom: 2px solid #ddd;">Vendor</th>
                <th onclick="sortTable(2)" style="cursor: pointer; padding: 12px; text-align: left; border-bottom: 2px solid #ddd;">Input ($/1M)</th>
                <th onclick="sortTable(3)" style="cursor: pointer; padding: 12px; text-align: left; border-bottom: 2px solid #ddd;">Output ($/1M)</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody id="pricingBody">
            <!-- Data will be populated by JS -->
        </tbody>
    </table>
</div>

<script>
const pricingData = {
    "updated_at": "2026-02-06",
    "prices": [
        {"id": "amazon-nova-micro", "vendor": "amazon", "name": "Amazon Nova Micro", "input": 0.035, "output": 0.14},
        {"id": "amazon-nova-lite", "vendor": "amazon", "name": "Amazon Nova Lite", "input": 0.06, "output": 0.24},
        {"id": "amazon-nova-pro", "vendor": "amazon", "name": "Amazon Nova Pro", "input": 0.8, "output": 3.2},
        {"id": "amazon-nova-premier", "vendor": "amazon", "name": "Amazon Nova Premier", "input": 2.5, "output": 12.5},
        {"id": "amazon-nova-2-omni-preview", "vendor": "amazon", "name": "Amazon Nova 2 Omni (Preview)", "input": 0.3, "output": 2.5},
        {"id": "amazon-nova-2-pro-preview", "vendor": "amazon", "name": "Amazon Nova 2 Pro (Preview)", "input": 1.25, "output": 10.0},
        {"id": "amazon-nova-2-lite", "vendor": "amazon", "name": "Amazon Nova 2 Lite", "input": 0.3, "output": 2.5},
        {"id": "amazon.titan-image-generator-v2:0", "vendor": "amazon", "name": "Titan Image Generator v2", "input": 0.0, "output": 10.0},
        {"id": "amazon.nova-canvas-v1:0", "vendor": "amazon", "name": "Amazon Nova Canvas v1", "input": 0.0, "output": 40.0},
        {"id": "claude-3.7-sonnet", "vendor": "anthropic", "name": "Claude 3.7 Sonnet", "input": 3, "output": 15},
        {"id": "claude-3.5-sonnet", "vendor": "anthropic", "name": "Claude 3.5 Sonnet", "input": 3, "output": 15},
        {"id": "claude-3-opus", "vendor": "anthropic", "name": "Claude 3 Opus", "input": 15, "output": 75},
        {"id": "claude-3-haiku", "vendor": "anthropic", "name": "Claude 3 Haiku", "input": 0.25, "output": 1.25},
        {"id": "claude-3.5-haiku", "vendor": "anthropic", "name": "Claude 3.5 Haiku", "input": 0.8, "output": 4},
        {"id": "claude-4.5-haiku", "vendor": "anthropic", "name": "Claude 4.5 Haiku", "input": 1, "output": 5},
        {"id": "claude-sonnet-4.5", "vendor": "anthropic", "name": "Claude Sonnet 4 and 4.5 \u2264200k", "input": 3, "output": 15},
        {"id": "claude-sonnet-4.5-200k", "vendor": "anthropic", "name": "Claude Sonnet 4 and 4.5 >200k", "input": 6, "output": 22.5},
        {"id": "claude-opus-4", "vendor": "anthropic", "name": "Claude Opus 4", "input": 15, "output": 75},
        {"id": "claude-opus-4-1", "vendor": "anthropic", "name": "Claude Opus 4.1", "input": 15, "output": 75},
        {"id": "claude-opus-4-5", "vendor": "anthropic", "name": "Claude Opus 4.5", "input": 5, "output": 25},
        {"id": "claude-opus-4.6", "vendor": "anthropic", "name": "Claude Opus 4.6 \u2264200k", "input": 5, "output": 25},
        {"id": "claude-opus-4.6-200k", "vendor": "anthropic", "name": "Claude Opus 4.6 >200k", "input": 10, "output": 37.5},
        {"id": "gemini-2.5-pro-preview-03-25", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 2.5 Pro Preview \u2264200k", "input": 1.25, "output": 10},
        {"id": "gemini-2.5-pro-preview-03-25-200k", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 2.5 Pro Preview >200k", "input": 2.5, "output": 15},
        {"id": "gemini-2.0-flash-lite", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 2.0 Flash Lite", "input": 0.08, "output": 0.3},
        {"id": "gemini-2.0-flash", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 2.0 Flash", "input": 0.1, "output": 0.4},
        {"id": "gemini-2.5-flash", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 2.5 Flash", "input": 0.3, "output": 2.5},
        {"id": "gemini-2.5-flash-lite", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 2.5 Flash-Lite", "input": 0.1, "output": 0.4},
        {"id": "gemini-2.5-flash-preview-09-2025", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 2.5 Flash Preview (09-2025)", "input": 0.3, "output": 2.5},
        {"id": "gemini-2.5-pro", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 2.5 Pro \u2264200k", "input": 1.25, "output": 10},
        {"id": "gemini-2.5-pro-200k", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 2.5 Pro >200k", "input": 2.5, "output": 15},
        {"id": "gemini-3-pro-preview", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 3 Pro \u2264200k", "input": 2, "output": 12},
        {"id": "gemini-3-pro-preview-200k", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 3 Pro >200k", "input": 4, "output": 18},
        {"id": "gemini-3-flash-preview", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 3 Flash Preview", "input": 0.5, "output": 3},
        {"id": "gemini-2.5-flash-thinking", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 2.5 Flash Thinking", "input": 0.3, "output": 2.5},
        {"id": "gemini-2.5-flash-lite-thinking", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 2.5 Flash-Lite Thinking", "input": 0.1, "output": 0.4},
        {"id": "gemini-3-flash-preview-thinking", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 3 Flash Preview Thinking", "input": 0.5, "output": 3.0},
        {"id": "gemini-2.5-flash-preview-tts", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 2.5 Flash Preview TTS", "input": 0.5, "output": 10},
        {"id": "gemini-2.5-pro-preview-tts", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 2.5 Pro Preview TTS", "input": 1, "output": 20},
        {"id": "gpt-4.5", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-4.5", "input": 75, "output": 150},
        {"id": "gpt-4o", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-4o", "input": 2.5, "output": 10},
        {"id": "gpt-4o-mini", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-4o Mini", "input": 0.15, "output": 0.6},
        {"id": "chatgpt-4o-latest", "vendor": "openai", "name": "ChatGPT 4o Latest", "input": 5, "output": 15},
        {"id": "o1-preview", "vendor": "openai", "name": "o1 and o1-preview", "input": 15, "output": 60},
        {"id": "o1-pro", "vendor": "openai", "name": "o1 Pro", "input": 150, "output": 600},
        {"id": "o1-mini", "vendor": "openai", "name": "o1-mini", "input": 1.1, "output": 4.4},
        {"id": "o3-mini", "vendor": "openai", "name": "o3-mini", "input": 1.1, "output": 4.4},
        {"id": "gpt-4.1", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-4.1", "input": 2, "output": 8},
        {"id": "gpt-4.1-mini", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-4.1 Mini", "input": 0.4, "output": 1.6},
        {"id": "gpt-4.1-nano", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-4.1 Nano", "input": 0.1, "output": 0.4},
        {"id": "o3", "vendor": "openai", "name": "o3", "input": 2, "output": 8},
        {"id": "gpt-5.3-codex", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-5.3 Codex", "input": 1.25, "output": 10.0},
        {"id": "codex-mini-latest", "vendor": "openai", "name": "Codex Mini Latest", "input": 1.5, "output": 6.0},
        {"id": "gpt-5.3", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-5.3 (Preview)", "input": 1.5, "output": 7.5},
        {"id": "o4-mini", "vendor": "openai", "name": "o4-mini", "input": 1.1, "output": 4.4},
        {"id": "gpt-5-nano", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-5 Nano", "input": 0.05, "output": 0.4},
        {"id": "gpt-5-mini", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-5 Mini", "input": 0.25, "output": 2},
        {"id": "gpt-5", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-5", "input": 1.25, "output": 10},
        {"id": "gpt-image-1", "vendor": "openai", "name": "gpt-image-1 (image gen)", "input": 10, "output": 40},
        {"id": "gpt-image-1-mini", "vendor": "openai", "name": "gpt-image-1-mini (image gen)", "input": 2, "output": 8},
        {"id": "gpt-image-1.5", "vendor": "openai", "name": "gpt-image-1.5 (image gen)", "input": 5, "output": 34},
        {"id": "gpt-5-pro", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-5 Pro", "input": 15, "output": 120},
        {"id": "o3-pro", "vendor": "openai", "name": "o3 Pro", "input": 20, "output": 80},
        {"id": "o4-mini-deep-research", "vendor": "openai", "name": "o4-mini Deep Research", "input": 2, "output": 8},
        {"id": "o3-deep-research", "vendor": "openai", "name": "o3 Deep Research", "input": 10, "output": 40},
        {"id": "gpt-5.1-codex-mini", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-5.1 Codex mini", "input": 0.25, "output": 2.0},
        {"id": "gpt-5.1-codex", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-5.1 Codex", "input": 1.25, "output": 10.0},
        {"id": "gpt-5.1", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-5.1", "input": 1.25, "output": 10.0},
        {"id": "gpt-5.2", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-5.2", "input": 1.75, "output": 14.0},
        {"id": "gpt-5.2-pro", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-5.2 Pro", "input": 21.0, "output": 168.0},
        {"id": "gemini-3-pro-image-preview", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 3 Pro Image Preview", "input": 2.0, "output": 120.0},
        {"id": "gemini-2.5-flash-image", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 2.5 Flash Image", "input": 0.3, "output": 30.0},
        {"id": "imagen-4", "vendor": "google", "name": "Imagen 4", "input": 0.0, "output": 40.0},
        {"id": "imagen-4-fast", "vendor": "google", "name": "Imagen 4 Fast", "input": 0.0, "output": 20.0},
        {"id": "imagen-4-ultra", "vendor": "google", "name": "Imagen 4 Ultra", "input": 0.0, "output": 60.0},
        {"id": "imagen-4.0-ultra-generate-001", "vendor": "google", "name": "Imagen 4.0 Ultra Generate 001", "input": 0.0, "output": 60.0},
        {"id": "imagen-4.0-fast-generate-001", "vendor": "google", "name": "Imagen 4.0 Fast Generate 001", "input": 0.0, "output": 20.0},
        {"id": "chirp_3", "vendor": "google", "name": "Chirp 3 (STT)", "input": 0.012, "output": 0.0}
    ]
};

function populateTable(data) {
    const body = document.getElementById('pricingBody');
    body.innerHTML = '';
    data.forEach(item => {
        const row = document.createElement('tr');
        row.innerHTML = `
            <td style="padding: 12px; border-bottom: 1px solid #eee;">${item.name}</td>
            <td style="padding: 12px; border-bottom: 1px solid #eee;">${item.vendor}</td>
            <td style="padding: 12px; border-bottom: 1px solid #eee;">$${item.input}</td>
            <td style="padding: 12px; border-bottom: 1px solid #eee;">$${item.output}</td>
        `;
        body.appendChild(row);
    });
}

function filterTable() {
    const searchTerm = document.getElementById('pricingSearch').value.toLowerCase();
    const filtered = pricingData.prices.filter(item => 
        item.name.toLowerCase().includes(searchTerm) || 
        item.vendor.toLowerCase().includes(searchTerm) ||
        item.id.toLowerCase().includes(searchTerm)
    );
    populateTable(filtered);
}

let sortOrder = [1, 1, 1, 1];
function sortTable(columnIndex) {
    const headerRow = document.querySelector('#pricingTable thead tr');
    const propertyMap = ['name', 'vendor', 'input', 'output'];
    const property = propertyMap[columnIndex];
    
    pricingData.prices.sort((a, b) => {
        let valA = a[property];
        let valB = b[property];
        
        if (typeof valA === 'string') {
            return valA.localeCompare(valB) * sortOrder[columnIndex];
        } else {
            return (valA - valB) * sortOrder[columnIndex];
        }
    });
    
    sortOrder[columnIndex] *= -1;
    filterTable();
}

document.getElementById('pricingSearch').addEventListener('input', filterTable);
populateTable(pricingData.prices);
</script>

> [!NOTE]
> Prices last updated on **2026-02-06**. All values are per 1 million tokens unless otherwise specified.

Commit message:

feat: Implement AWS Polly Text-to-Speech support, including pricing updates and a new regression test.

docs/pricing.md, after:

# LLM Pricing

Compare the pricing of various Large Language Models. Prices are shown in USD per 1M tokens.

<div class="pricing-container">
    <input type="text" id="pricingSearch" placeholder="Search models or vendors..." style="width: 100%; padding: 10px; margin-bottom: 20px; border: 1px solid #ccc; border-radius: 4px;">
    
    <table id="pricingTable" style="width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse;">
        <thead>
            <tr style="background-color: var(--md-primary-fg-color); color: var(--md-primary-bg-color);">
                <th onclick="sortTable(0)" style="cursor: pointer; padding: 12px; text-align: left; border-bottom: 2px solid #ddd;">Name</th>
                <th onclick="sortTable(1)" style="cursor: pointer; padding: 12px; text-align: left; border-bottom: 2px solid #ddd;">Vendor</th>
                <th onclick="sortTable(2)" style="cursor: pointer; padding: 12px; text-align: left; border-bottom: 2px solid #ddd;">Input ($/1M)</th>
                <th onclick="sortTable(3)" style="cursor: pointer; padding: 12px; text-align: left; border-bottom: 2px solid #ddd;">Output ($/1M)</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody id="pricingBody">
            <!-- Data will be populated by JS -->
        </tbody>
    </table>
</div>

<script>
const pricingData = {
    "updated_at": "2026-02-06",
    "prices": [
        {"id": "amazon-nova-micro", "vendor": "amazon", "name": "Amazon Nova Micro", "input": 0.035, "output": 0.14},
        {"id": "amazon-nova-lite", "vendor": "amazon", "name": "Amazon Nova Lite", "input": 0.06, "output": 0.24},
        {"id": "amazon-nova-pro", "vendor": "amazon", "name": "Amazon Nova Pro", "input": 0.8, "output": 3.2},
        {"id": "amazon-nova-premier", "vendor": "amazon", "name": "Amazon Nova Premier", "input": 2.5, "output": 12.5},
        {"id": "amazon-nova-2-omni-preview", "vendor": "amazon", "name": "Amazon Nova 2 Omni (Preview)", "input": 0.3, "output": 2.5},
        {"id": "amazon-nova-2-pro-preview", "vendor": "amazon", "name": "Amazon Nova 2 Pro (Preview)", "input": 1.25, "output": 10.0},
        {"id": "amazon-nova-2-lite", "vendor": "amazon", "name": "Amazon Nova 2 Lite", "input": 0.3, "output": 2.5},
        {"id": "amazon.titan-image-generator-v2:0", "vendor": "amazon", "name": "Titan Image Generator v2", "input": 0.0, "output": 10.0},
        {"id": "amazon.nova-canvas-v1:0", "vendor": "amazon", "name": "Amazon Nova Canvas v1", "input": 0.0, "output": 40.0},
        {"id": "claude-3.7-sonnet", "vendor": "anthropic", "name": "Claude 3.7 Sonnet", "input": 3, "output": 15},
        {"id": "claude-3.5-sonnet", "vendor": "anthropic", "name": "Claude 3.5 Sonnet", "input": 3, "output": 15},
        {"id": "claude-3-opus", "vendor": "anthropic", "name": "Claude 3 Opus", "input": 15, "output": 75},
        {"id": "claude-3-haiku", "vendor": "anthropic", "name": "Claude 3 Haiku", "input": 0.25, "output": 1.25},
        {"id": "claude-3.5-haiku", "vendor": "anthropic", "name": "Claude 3.5 Haiku", "input": 0.8, "output": 4},
        {"id": "claude-4.5-haiku", "vendor": "anthropic", "name": "Claude 4.5 Haiku", "input": 1, "output": 5},
        {"id": "claude-sonnet-4.5", "vendor": "anthropic", "name": "Claude Sonnet 4 and 4.5 \u2264200k", "input": 3, "output": 15},
        {"id": "claude-sonnet-4.5-200k", "vendor": "anthropic", "name": "Claude Sonnet 4 and 4.5 >200k", "input": 6, "output": 22.5},
        {"id": "claude-opus-4", "vendor": "anthropic", "name": "Claude Opus 4", "input": 15, "output": 75},
        {"id": "claude-opus-4-1", "vendor": "anthropic", "name": "Claude Opus 4.1", "input": 15, "output": 75},
        {"id": "claude-opus-4-5", "vendor": "anthropic", "name": "Claude Opus 4.5", "input": 5, "output": 25},
        {"id": "claude-opus-4.6", "vendor": "anthropic", "name": "Claude Opus 4.6 \u2264200k", "input": 5, "output": 25},
        {"id": "claude-opus-4.6-200k", "vendor": "anthropic", "name": "Claude Opus 4.6 >200k", "input": 10, "output": 37.5},
        {"id": "gemini-2.5-pro-preview-03-25", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 2.5 Pro Preview \u2264200k", "input": 1.25, "output": 10},
        {"id": "gemini-2.5-pro-preview-03-25-200k", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 2.5 Pro Preview >200k", "input": 2.5, "output": 15},
        {"id": "gemini-2.0-flash-lite", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 2.0 Flash Lite", "input": 0.08, "output": 0.3},
        {"id": "gemini-2.0-flash", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 2.0 Flash", "input": 0.1, "output": 0.4},
        {"id": "gemini-2.5-flash", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 2.5 Flash", "input": 0.3, "output": 2.5},
        {"id": "gemini-2.5-flash-lite", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 2.5 Flash-Lite", "input": 0.1, "output": 0.4},
        {"id": "gemini-2.5-flash-preview-09-2025", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 2.5 Flash Preview (09-2025)", "input": 0.3, "output": 2.5},
        {"id": "gemini-2.5-pro", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 2.5 Pro \u2264200k", "input": 1.25, "output": 10},
        {"id": "gemini-2.5-pro-200k", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 2.5 Pro >200k", "input": 2.5, "output": 15},
        {"id": "gemini-3-pro-preview", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 3 Pro \u2264200k", "input": 2, "output": 12},
        {"id": "gemini-3-pro-preview-200k", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 3 Pro >200k", "input": 4, "output": 18},
        {"id": "gemini-3-flash-preview", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 3 Flash Preview", "input": 0.5, "output": 3},
        {"id": "gemini-2.5-flash-thinking", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 2.5 Flash Thinking", "input": 0.3, "output": 2.5},
        {"id": "gemini-2.5-flash-lite-thinking", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 2.5 Flash-Lite Thinking", "input": 0.1, "output": 0.4},
        {"id": "gemini-3-flash-preview-thinking", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 3 Flash Preview Thinking", "input": 0.5, "output": 3.0},
        {"id": "gemini-2.5-flash-preview-tts", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 2.5 Flash Preview TTS", "input": 0.5, "output": 10},
        {"id": "gemini-2.5-pro-preview-tts", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 2.5 Pro Preview TTS", "input": 1, "output": 20},
        {"id": "gpt-4.5", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-4.5", "input": 75, "output": 150},
        {"id": "gpt-4o", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-4o", "input": 2.5, "output": 10},
        {"id": "gpt-4o-mini", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-4o Mini", "input": 0.15, "output": 0.6},
        {"id": "chatgpt-4o-latest", "vendor": "openai", "name": "ChatGPT 4o Latest", "input": 5, "output": 15},
        {"id": "o1-preview", "vendor": "openai", "name": "o1 and o1-preview", "input": 15, "output": 60},
        {"id": "o1-pro", "vendor": "openai", "name": "o1 Pro", "input": 150, "output": 600},
        {"id": "o1-mini", "vendor": "openai", "name": "o1-mini", "input": 1.1, "output": 4.4},
        {"id": "o3-mini", "vendor": "openai", "name": "o3-mini", "input": 1.1, "output": 4.4},
        {"id": "gpt-4.1", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-4.1", "input": 2, "output": 8},
        {"id": "gpt-4.1-mini", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-4.1 Mini", "input": 0.4, "output": 1.6},
        {"id": "gpt-4.1-nano", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-4.1 Nano", "input": 0.1, "output": 0.4},
        {"id": "o3", "vendor": "openai", "name": "o3", "input": 2, "output": 8},
        {"id": "gpt-5.3-codex", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-5.3 Codex", "input": 1.25, "output": 10.0},
        {"id": "codex-mini-latest", "vendor": "openai", "name": "Codex Mini Latest", "input": 1.5, "output": 6.0},
        {"id": "gpt-5.3", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-5.3 (Preview)", "input": 1.5, "output": 7.5},
        {"id": "o4-mini", "vendor": "openai", "name": "o4-mini", "input": 1.1, "output": 4.4},
        {"id": "gpt-5-nano", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-5 Nano", "input": 0.05, "output": 0.4},
        {"id": "gpt-5-mini", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-5 Mini", "input": 0.25, "output": 2},
        {"id": "gpt-5", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-5", "input": 1.25, "output": 10},
        {"id": "gpt-image-1", "vendor": "openai", "name": "gpt-image-1 (image gen)", "input": 10, "output": 40},
        {"id": "gpt-image-1-mini", "vendor": "openai", "name": "gpt-image-1-mini (image gen)", "input": 2, "output": 8},
        {"id": "gpt-image-1.5", "vendor": "openai", "name": "gpt-image-1.5 (image gen)", "input": 5, "output": 34},
        {"id": "gpt-5-pro", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-5 Pro", "input": 15, "output": 120},
        {"id": "o3-pro", "vendor": "openai", "name": "o3 Pro", "input": 20, "output": 80},
        {"id": "o4-mini-deep-research", "vendor": "openai", "name": "o4-mini Deep Research", "input": 2, "output": 8},
        {"id": "o3-deep-research", "vendor": "openai", "name": "o3 Deep Research", "input": 10, "output": 40},
        {"id": "gpt-5.1-codex-mini", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-5.1 Codex mini", "input": 0.25, "output": 2.0},
        {"id": "gpt-5.1-codex", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-5.1 Codex", "input": 1.25, "output": 10.0},
        {"id": "gpt-5.1", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-5.1", "input": 1.25, "output": 10.0},
        {"id": "gpt-5.2", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-5.2", "input": 1.75, "output": 14.0},
        {"id": "gpt-5.2-pro", "vendor": "openai", "name": "GPT-5.2 Pro", "input": 21.0, "output": 168.0},
        {"id": "gemini-3-pro-image-preview", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 3 Pro Image Preview", "input": 2.0, "output": 120.0},
        {"id": "gemini-2.5-flash-image", "vendor": "google", "name": "Gemini 2.5 Flash Image", "input": 0.3, "output": 30.0},
        {"id": "imagen-4", "vendor": "google", "name": "Imagen 4", "input": 0.0, "output": 40.0},
        {"id": "imagen-4-fast", "vendor": "google", "name": "Imagen 4 Fast", "input": 0.0, "output": 20.0},
        {"id": "imagen-4-ultra", "vendor": "google", "name": "Imagen 4 Ultra", "input": 0.0, "output": 60.0},
        {"id": "imagen-4.0-ultra-generate-001", "vendor": "google", "name": "Imagen 4.0 Ultra Generate 001", "input": 0.0, "output": 60.0},
        {"id": "imagen-4.0-fast-generate-001", "vendor": "google", "name": "Imagen 4.0 Fast Generate 001", "input": 0.0, "output": 20.0},
        {"id": "chirp_3", "vendor": "google", "name": "Chirp 3 (STT)*", "input": 40.0, "output": 40.0},
        {"id": "aws-polly", "vendor": "amazon", "name": "AWS Polly*", "input": 32.0, "output": 32.0},
        {"id": "gcp-chirp3-tts", "vendor": "google", "name": "GCP Chirp 3 (TTS)*", "input": 32.0, "output": 32.0}
    ]
};

function populateTable(data) {
    const body = document.getElementById('pricingBody');
    body.innerHTML = '';
    data.forEach(item => {
        const row = document.createElement('tr');
        row.innerHTML = `
            <td style="padding: 12px; border-bottom: 1px solid #eee;">${item.name}</td>
            <td style="padding: 12px; border-bottom: 1px solid #eee;">${item.vendor}</td>
            <td style="padding: 12px; border-bottom: 1px solid #eee;">$${item.input}</td>
            <td style="padding: 12px; border-bottom: 1px solid #eee;">$${item.output}</td>
        `;
        body.appendChild(row);
    });
}

function filterTable() {
    const searchTerm = document.getElementById('pricingSearch').value.toLowerCase();
    const filtered = pricingData.prices.filter(item => 
        item.name.toLowerCase().includes(searchTerm) || 
        item.vendor.toLowerCase().includes(searchTerm) ||
        item.id.toLowerCase().includes(searchTerm)
    );
    populateTable(filtered);
}

let sortOrder = [1, 1, 1, 1];
function sortTable(columnIndex) {
    const headerRow = document.querySelector('#pricingTable thead tr');
    const propertyMap = ['name', 'vendor', 'input', 'output'];
    const property = propertyMap[columnIndex];
    
    pricingData.prices.sort((a, b) => {
        let valA = a[property];
        let valB = b[property];
        
        if (typeof valA === 'string') {
            return valA.localeCompare(valB) * sortOrder[columnIndex];
        } else {
            return (valA - valB) * sortOrder[columnIndex];
        }
    });
    
    sortOrder[columnIndex] *= -1;
    filterTable();
}

document.getElementById('pricingSearch').addEventListener('input', filterTable);
populateTable(pricingData.prices);
</script>

> [!NOTE]
> Prices last updated on **2026-02-06**. All values are per 1 million tokens unless otherwise specified.
> required for non-token based models (marked with \*):
>
> - **Audio/Character Pricing**: Models priced by minute or character are converted to "per 1M tokens" assuming ~4 chars/token or ~200 tokens/minute. The estimated cost is split 50/50 between input and output for comparison.
