docs/usage.md, before:

# Usage Guide

`youtube-to-docs` is a versatile tool designed to convert YouTube content into structured documentation, including transcripts, summaries, audio, and infographics. It is primarily designed as a Command Line Interface (CLI) tool but can also be used as a Python library.

## Command Line Interface (CLI)

The main command is `youtube-to-docs`.

### Basic Usage

Running the command without arguments processes a default video:

```bash
youtube-to-docs
```

### Arguments

| Argument | Description | Default | Example |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `video_id` | The YouTube content to process. Can be a **Video ID**, **Playlist ID** (starts with `PL`), **Channel Handle** (starts with `@`), or a **comma-separated list** of Video IDs. | `atmGAHYpf_c` | `youtube-to-docs @mychannel` |
| `-o`, `--outfile` | Path to save the output CSV file. | `youtube-to-docs-artifacts/youtube-docs.csv` | `-o my-data.csv` |
| `-t`, `--transcript` | The transcript source to use. Can be `'youtube'` (default) to fetch existing YouTube transcripts, or an AI model name to perform STT on extracted audio. | `youtube` | `-t gemini-2.0-flash-exp` |
| `-m`, `--model` | The LLM(s) to use for speaker extraction, Q&A generation, and summarization. Supports models from Google (Gemini), Vertex AI, AWS Bedrock, and Azure Foundry. **Can be a comma-separated list.** | `None` | `-m gemini-3-flash-preview,vertex-claude-haiku-4-5@20251001` |
| `--tts` | The TTS model and voice to use for generating audio summaries. Format: `{model}-{voice}`. | `None` | `--tts gemini-2.5-flash-preview-tts-Kore` |
| `--infographic`| The image model to use for generating a visual summary. Supports models from Google (Gemini, Imagen), AWS Bedrock (Titan, Nova Canvas), and Azure Foundry. | `None` | `--infographic gemini-2.5-flash-image` |
| `--no-youtube-summary` | If set, skips generating a secondary summary from the YouTube transcript when using an AI model for the primary transcript. | `False` | `--no-youtube-summary` |
| `-l`, `--language` | The target language(s) (e.g. 'es', 'fr', 'en'). Can be a comma-separated list. Default is 'en'. | `en` | `-l es,fr` |
| `--combine-infographic-audio` | Combine the infographic and audio summary into a video file (MP4). Requires both `--tts` and `--infographic` to be effective. | `False` | `--combine-infographic-audio` |
| `--all` | Shortcut to use a specific model suite for everything. Supported: `'gemini-flash'`, `'gemini-pro'`. Sets models for summary, TTS, and infographic, and enables `--no-youtube-summary`. | `None` | `--all gemini-flash` |

### Examples

**1. Summarize the default video using a single model:**
```bash
youtube-to-docs -m gemini-3-flash-preview
```

**2. Generate a transcript using Gemini 2.0 Flash and summarize:**
```bash
youtube-to-docs -t gemini-2.0-flash-exp -m gemini-3-flash-preview
```

**3. Process the default video and save to a custom CSV:**
```bash
youtube-to-docs -o my-docs.csv
```

**4. Summarize a Playlist using multiple models (Gemini and Vertex):**
```bash
youtube-to-docs PLGKTTEqwhiHHWO-jdxM1KtzTbWo6h0Ycl -m gemini-3-flash-preview,vertex-claude-haiku-4-5@20251001
```

**5. Process a Channel with Summaries, TTS, and Infographics:**
```bash
youtube-to-docs @mga-othercommittees6625 -m vertex-claude-haiku-4-5@20251001 --tts gemini-2.5-flash-preview-tts-Kore --infographic gemini-2.5-flash-image
```

**6. Generate an Infographic using AWS Bedrock:**
```bash
youtube-to-docs atmGAHYpf_c --infographic bedrock-titan-image-generator-v2:0
```

**7. Create a Video (Infographic + Audio Summary):**
```bash
youtube-to-docs atmGAHYpf_c -m gemini-3-flash-preview --tts gemini-2.5-flash-preview-tts-Kore --infographic gemini-2.5-flash-image --combine-infographic-audio
```

## CSV Column Reference

The output CSV file contains a variety of columns depending on the arguments provided. Below is a reference of the possible columns:

### Base Metadata
*   **URL**: The full YouTube video URL.
*   **Title**: The title of the video.
*   **Description**: The video description.
*   **Data Published**: The date the video was published.
*   **Channel**: The name of the YouTube channel.
*   **Tags**: Video tags (comma-separated).
*   **Duration**: The duration of the video.
*   **Transcript characters from youtube**: The total number of characters in the YouTube transcript.
*   **Transcript characters from {model}**: The total number of characters in the AI-generated transcript (if applicable).
*   **Audio File**: Path to the extracted audio file (used for AI transcription).

### Files
*   **Transcript File {type}**: Path to the saved transcript file. `{type}` is either `youtube generated`, `human generated`, or `{model} generated`. Suffix `(lang)` added for non-English.
*   **Speakers File {model}**: Path to the saved speaker extraction text file.
*   **QA File {model}**: Path to the saved Q&A Markdown file. Suffix `(lang)` added for non-English.
*   **Summary File {model}**: Path to the Markdown summary file generated by a specific model. Suffix `(lang)` added for non-English.
*   **Summary Infographic File {model} {infographic_model}**: Path to the generated infographic image.
*   **Summary Audio File {model} {tts_model} File**: Path to the generated TTS audio file. Suffix `(lang)` added for non-English.
*   **Video File**: Path to the generated MP4 video combining the infographic and audio.

### AI Outputs & Costs
*   **Speakers {model}**: The extracted list of speakers and their roles.
*   **{normalized_model} Speaker extraction cost ($)**: The estimated API cost for speaker extraction.
*   **QA Text {model}**: The full text of the Q&A pairs (also saved to the Q&A file).
*   **{normalized_model} QA cost ($)**: The estimated API cost for Q&A generation.
*   **Summary Text {model}**: The full text of the summary (also saved to the summary file).
*   **{normalized_model} summary cost ($)**: The total estimated API cost for both speaker extraction and summarization.
*   **Summary Infographic Cost {model} {infographic_model} ($)**: The estimated API cost for infographic generation.
*   **{normalized_model} STT cost ($)**: The estimated API cost for Speech-to-Text generation.

> **Note**: `{normalized_model}` refers to the model name with prefixes (like `vertex-`) and date suffixes removed for cleaner column headers.

## Speaker Extraction

When a model is specified using the `-m` or `--model` argument, the tool automatically performs speaker extraction before generating a summary.

*   **Model Matching**: The extraction uses the same model as the summary. If multiple models are provided, each will perform its own extraction.
*   **Structured Output**: It identifies speakers and their professional titles or roles (e.g., "Speaker 1 (Senator Katie Fry Hester, Co-Chair)").
*   **Cost Tracking**: The cost of speaker extraction is tracked separately in the `{model} Speaker extraction cost ($)` column and included in the total `{model} summary cost ($)`.
*   **Unknowns**: If a speaker or title cannot be identified, the tool uses the placeholder `UNKNOWN`. If no speakers are detected at all, the field is set to `NaN`.

## MCP Server

This tool also functions as a Model Context Protocol (MCP) server, allowing it to be used as a tool by AI agents (like the Gemini CLI).

The server exposes a `process_video` tool that mirrors the CLI functionality.

### Configuration

The repository includes a `gemini-extension.json` file at the root, which configures the MCP server for use with the Gemini CLI.

### Usage

Once the extension is registered with your agent, you can ask it to process videos using natural language:

> "Save a summary of https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KuPc06JgI_A"

The agent will prompt you for any necessary details (like the model to use) and then execute the tool.

### Install as a Gemini CLI extension

```bash
gemini extensions install https://github.com/DoIT-Artificial-Intelligence/youtube-to-docs.git
```

## Library Usage

While primarily a CLI, you can import core functions for custom workflows.

```python
from youtube_to_docs.transcript import fetch_transcript

video_id = "atmGAHYpf_c"
transcript, is_generated = fetch_transcript(video_id)
```

## Why use `youtube-to-docs`?

You might find other tools that download YouTube transcripts, but `youtube-to-docs` distinguishes itself in several ways:

1.  **Multimodal Output**: It doesn't just stop at text.
    *   **Summaries**: Uses state-of-the-art LLMs to create concise summaries.
    *   **Speaker Extraction**: Automatically identifies speakers and their titles/roles from the transcript.
    *   **Audio (TTS)**: Converts summaries into audio files, perfect for listening on the go.
    *   **Visuals (Infographics)**: Generates AI-created infographics to visually represent the content.
    *   **Videos**: Combines infographics and audio into a shareable video summary.

2.  **Structured Data (CSV/Polars)**:
    *   Instead of loose files, metadata and paths are organized into a robust CSV file using `polars`.
    *   This makes it incredibly easy to import the data into Google Sheets, Excel, or a database for further analysis or publishing.

3.  **Batch Processing**:
    *   Seamlessly handles individual videos, entire playlists, or full channels with a single command.

4.  **Multi-Provider Support**:
    *   Agnostic to the LLM provider. Whether you use Google Gemini, Vertex AI, AWS Bedrock, or Azure Foundry, you can plug in your preferred model.

5.  **Cost Awareness**:
    *   When using paid API models, it tracks and estimates the cost of summarization, saving it directly to your data file.

Commit message:

feat: Implement SharePoint storage support and update usage documentation

docs/usage.md, after:

# Usage Guide

`youtube-to-docs` is a versatile tool designed to convert YouTube content into structured documentation, including transcripts, summaries, audio, and infographics. It is primarily designed as a Command Line Interface (CLI) tool but can also be used as a Python library.

## Command Line Interface (CLI)

The main command is `youtube-to-docs`.

### Basic Usage

Running the command without arguments processes a default video:

```bash
youtube-to-docs
```

### Arguments

| Argument | Description | Default | Example |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `video_id` | The YouTube content to process. Can be a **Video ID**, **Playlist ID** (starts with `PL`), **Channel Handle** (starts with `@`), or a **comma-separated list** of Video IDs. | `atmGAHYpf_c` | `youtube-to-docs @mychannel` |
| `-o`, `--outfile` | Path to save the output CSV file. <br> - Local path: `my-data.csv` <br> - Google Workspace: `workspace` or `w` (saves to Drive folder `youtube-to-docs-artifacts`) or a specific Folder ID. <br> - SharePoint/OneDrive: `sharepoint` or `s` (saves to `youtube-to-docs-artifacts`). | `youtube-to-docs-artifacts/youtube-docs.csv` | `-o sharepoint` |
| `-t`, `--transcript` | The transcript source to use. Can be `'youtube'` (default) to fetch existing YouTube transcripts, or an AI model name to perform STT on extracted audio. | `youtube` | `-t gemini-2.0-flash-exp` |
| `-m`, `--model` | The LLM(s) to use for speaker extraction, Q&A generation, and summarization. Supports models from Google (Gemini), Vertex AI, AWS Bedrock, and Azure Foundry. **Can be a comma-separated list.** | `None` | `-m gemini-3-flash-preview,vertex-claude-haiku-4-5@20251001` |
| `--tts` | The TTS model and voice to use for generating audio summaries. Format: `{model}-{voice}`. | `None` | `--tts gemini-2.5-flash-preview-tts-Kore` |
| `--infographic`| The image model to use for generating a visual summary. Supports models from Google (Gemini, Imagen), AWS Bedrock (Titan, Nova Canvas), and Azure Foundry. | `None` | `--infographic gemini-2.5-flash-image` |
| `--no-youtube-summary` | If set, skips generating a secondary summary from the YouTube transcript when using an AI model for the primary transcript. | `False` | `--no-youtube-summary` |
| `-l`, `--language` | The target language(s) (e.g. 'es', 'fr', 'en'). Can be a comma-separated list. Default is 'en'. | `en` | `-l es,fr` |
| `--combine-infographic-audio` | Combine the infographic and audio summary into a video file (MP4). Requires both `--tts` and `--infographic` to be effective. | `False` | `--combine-infographic-audio` |
| `--all` | Shortcut to use a specific model suite for everything. Supported: `'gemini-flash'`, `'gemini-pro'`. Sets models for summary, TTS, and infographic, and enables `--no-youtube-summary`. | `None` | `--all gemini-flash` |

### Examples

**1. Summarize the default video using a single model:**
```bash
youtube-to-docs -m gemini-3-flash-preview
```

**2. Generate a transcript using Gemini 2.0 Flash and summarize:**
```bash
youtube-to-docs -t gemini-2.0-flash-exp -m gemini-3-flash-preview
```

**3. Process the default video and save to a custom CSV:**
```bash
youtube-to-docs -o my-docs.csv
```

**4. Summarize a Playlist using multiple models (Gemini and Vertex):**
```bash
youtube-to-docs PLGKTTEqwhiHHWO-jdxM1KtzTbWo6h0Ycl -m gemini-3-flash-preview,vertex-claude-haiku-4-5@20251001
```

**5. Process a Channel with Summaries, TTS, and Infographics:**
```bash
youtube-to-docs @mga-othercommittees6625 -m vertex-claude-haiku-4-5@20251001 --tts gemini-2.5-flash-preview-tts-Kore --infographic gemini-2.5-flash-image
```

**6. Generate an Infographic using AWS Bedrock:**
```bash
youtube-to-docs atmGAHYpf_c --infographic bedrock-titan-image-generator-v2:0
```

**7. Create a Video (Infographic + Audio Summary):**
```bash
youtube-to-docs atmGAHYpf_c -m gemini-3-flash-preview --tts gemini-2.5-flash-preview-tts-Kore --infographic gemini-2.5-flash-image --combine-infographic-audio
```

## CSV Column Reference

The output CSV file contains a variety of columns depending on the arguments provided. Below is a reference of the possible columns:

### Base Metadata
*   **URL**: The full YouTube video URL.
*   **Title**: The title of the video.
*   **Description**: The video description.
*   **Data Published**: The date the video was published.
*   **Channel**: The name of the YouTube channel.
*   **Tags**: Video tags (comma-separated).
*   **Duration**: The duration of the video.
*   **Transcript characters from youtube**: The total number of characters in the YouTube transcript.
*   **Transcript characters from {model}**: The total number of characters in the AI-generated transcript (if applicable).
*   **Audio File**: Path to the extracted audio file (used for AI transcription).

### Files
*   **Transcript File {type}**: Path to the saved transcript file. `{type}` is either `youtube generated`, `human generated`, or `{model} generated`. Suffix `(lang)` added for non-English.
*   **Speakers File {model}**: Path to the saved speaker extraction text file.
*   **QA File {model}**: Path to the saved Q&A Markdown file. Suffix `(lang)` added for non-English.
*   **Summary File {model}**: Path to the Markdown summary file generated by a specific model. Suffix `(lang)` added for non-English.
*   **Summary Infographic File {model} {infographic_model}**: Path to the generated infographic image.
*   **Summary Audio File {model} {tts_model} File**: Path to the generated TTS audio file. Suffix `(lang)` added for non-English.
*   **Video File**: Path to the generated MP4 video combining the infographic and audio.

### AI Outputs & Costs
*   **Speakers {model}**: The extracted list of speakers and their roles.
*   **{normalized_model} Speaker extraction cost ($)**: The estimated API cost for speaker extraction.
*   **QA Text {model}**: The full text of the Q&A pairs (also saved to the Q&A file).
*   **{normalized_model} QA cost ($)**: The estimated API cost for Q&A generation.
*   **Summary Text {model}**: The full text of the summary (also saved to the summary file).
*   **{normalized_model} summary cost ($)**: The total estimated API cost for both speaker extraction and summarization.
*   **Summary Infographic Cost {model} {infographic_model} ($)**: The estimated API cost for infographic generation.
*   **{normalized_model} STT cost ($)**: The estimated API cost for Speech-to-Text generation.

> **Note**: `{normalized_model}` refers to the model name with prefixes (like `vertex-`) and date suffixes removed for cleaner column headers.

## Speaker Extraction

When a model is specified using the `-m` or `--model` argument, the tool automatically performs speaker extraction before generating a summary.

*   **Model Matching**: The extraction uses the same model as the summary. If multiple models are provided, each will perform its own extraction.
*   **Structured Output**: It identifies speakers and their professional titles or roles (e.g., "Speaker 1 (Senator Katie Fry Hester, Co-Chair)").
*   **Cost Tracking**: The cost of speaker extraction is tracked separately in the `{model} Speaker extraction cost ($)` column and included in the total `{model} summary cost ($)`.
*   **Unknowns**: If a speaker or title cannot be identified, the tool uses the placeholder `UNKNOWN`. If no speakers are detected at all, the field is set to `NaN`.

## MCP Server

This tool also functions as a Model Context Protocol (MCP) server, allowing it to be used as a tool by AI agents (like the Gemini CLI).

The server exposes a `process_video` tool that mirrors the CLI functionality.

### Configuration

The repository includes a `gemini-extension.json` file at the root, which configures the MCP server for use with the Gemini CLI.

### Usage

Once the extension is registered with your agent, you can ask it to process videos using natural language:

> "Save a summary of https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KuPc06JgI_A"

The agent will prompt you for any necessary details (like the model to use) and then execute the tool.

### Install as a Gemini CLI extension

```bash
gemini extensions install https://github.com/DoIT-Artificial-Intelligence/youtube-to-docs.git
```

## Library Usage

While primarily a CLI, you can import core functions for custom workflows.

```python
from youtube_to_docs.transcript import fetch_transcript

video_id = "atmGAHYpf_c"
transcript, is_generated = fetch_transcript(video_id)
```

## Why use `youtube-to-docs`?

You might find other tools that download YouTube transcripts, but `youtube-to-docs` distinguishes itself in several ways:

1.  **Multimodal Output**: It doesn't just stop at text.
    *   **Summaries**: Uses state-of-the-art LLMs to create concise summaries.
    *   **Speaker Extraction**: Automatically identifies speakers and their titles/roles from the transcript.
    *   **Audio (TTS)**: Converts summaries into audio files, perfect for listening on the go.
    *   **Visuals (Infographics)**: Generates AI-created infographics to visually represent the content.
    *   **Videos**: Combines infographics and audio into a shareable video summary.

2.  **Structured Data (CSV/Polars)**:
    *   Instead of loose files, metadata and paths are organized into a robust CSV file using `polars`.
    *   This makes it incredibly easy to import the data into Google Sheets, Excel, or a database for further analysis or publishing.

3.  **Batch Processing**:
    *   Seamlessly handles individual videos, entire playlists, or full channels with a single command.

4.  **Multi-Provider Support**:
    *   Agnostic to the LLM provider. Whether you use Google Gemini, Vertex AI, AWS Bedrock, or Azure Foundry, you can plug in your preferred model.

5.  **Cost Awareness**:
    *   When using paid API models, it tracks and estimates the cost of summarization, saving it directly to your data file.
